Yeah, it's too much work, unironically.
I say that with full sincerity.
It's too much work to make video game graphics better than PlayStation 2 level.
And I say that unironically because too much work means higher labor costs, which means economic instability.
The ability for the video game industry to produce a big budget AAA game that has a lot of money and marketing budget put behind it
To experiment and be bold and take risks is is nilch because of how much work it has been to
to make graphics better than the PS2 games.
You could chart this out.
You could make a chart, the align graph of when video games started to get bad,
And it happens right around the PlayStation 3 time because development costs shoot way way up